In the last lecture we created our first the gate and then we made sure that you want to be able to
edit other users blog posts and we use the gate for say to define a gate and then we have used that
gate denies methods to forbid certain users to edit blog posts that were on theirs.
So now let's go to the Visual Studio code and define another gate so we can copy this gate for simplicity
and create another one called delete post.
So the logic should be the same.
So you should only be able to delete the blog posts that are your own.
Now we can also copy this code and let's go to the destroy action base the same but this time we will
use delete post and we will say you can't delete this blog post and we will also call board.
Now let's see if this works.
So this isn't a blog post by John Doe.
So when you press delete you are being redirected to 400 free.
So using this gate for site is kind of a general way to verify if a particular user currently out or
sorry.
The currently authenticated user won't be able to perform a specific action so we not necessarily have
to use that this gate for site inside your controller because there is simpler way to use inside controllers.
And this is called an outer Rice helper.
So what you can do instead of using this gate denies is you can simply call this outer rise and specify
that ability update post and the instance of the blog post which relates to this ability.
So now let's copy this paste it here will comment out this gate so you later know how to do that.
And finally will do delete post and also comment out this gate.
So now this will give you the same capabilities.
It's just shorthand it because you you are repeating yourselves by calling the gate a nice couple of
times and then calling a board and it is just a shorthand helper that basically works the same.